"How We Got to Now"
Steven Johnson, Author

12:00 p.m.
Wednesday, October 22
Banatao Auditorium, 310 Sutardja Dai Hall, UC Berkeley
http://citris-uc.org/fall-2014-citris-research-exchange-seminars/

Free and open to the public. Due to demand, the free lunch at UC 
Berkeley has already sold out but you can still register to attend at 
https://steven-johnson-citrisre.eventbrite.com

-----------
Johnson is the author of eight books on the intersection of science, 
technology and personal experience. He has also co-created three 
influential web sites: the pioneering online magazine FEED, the Webby 
Award-winning community site, Plastic.com, and most recently the 
hyperlocal media site outside.in. A contributing editor to Wired, he 
writes regularly for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The 
Financial Times, and many other periodicals. Johnson also serves on the 
advisory boards of a number of Internet-related companies, including 
Medium, Atavist, Meetup.com, Betaworks, and Patch.com.

His book Future Perfect: The Case for Progress in a Networked Age was 
released in September 2012. In August 2013, PBS announced that Johnson 
would be the host and co-creator of a new six-part series on the history 
of innovation, How We Got to Now, scheduled to air on PBS and BBC Two in 
Fall 2014.

This talk is also part of Image as Location, a symposium to discuss and 
visualize how images define location and allow us to access the 
inaccessible. Image as Location forms part of a festival of exhibitions 
and workshops throughout the Bay Area, hosted by the Berkeley Center for 
New Media, the Cultural Services of the French Embassy of the United 
States, the Goethe Institut, the Gray Area Foundation for the Arts, and 
swissnex San Francisco. 
http://www.eventbrite.com/e/image-as-location-conference-tickets-12860529189



------------------
Live broadcast at http://video.citris.berkeley.edu/playlists/webcast.
Ask questions live on Twitter: #CITRISRE. All talks may be viewed
post-event on our YouTube channel http://www.youtube.com/citrisuc.

Webviewing at UC Davis: 1131 Kemper Hall
Webviewing at UC Merced: COB 322-Willow
Webviewing at UC Santa Cruz: SOE E2 Building, Room 595B

